[AGENTLESS][SEC-17683] Add Azure onboarding to Agentless documentation (#26786)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/azure_resource_manager.md

1. In **Subscriptions to scan**, select all the subscriptions you want to scan.
1. Enter your **Datadog API Key**, select your **Datadog Site**, and fill out the remainder of the form.
1. Click on **Review + create**.

[1]: /integrations/guide/azure-manual-setup/?tab=azurecli
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/csm/setup

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Existing Azure subscription" %}}

### Cloud Security Management Setup page
1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][1] page, click **Cloud Integrations** > **Azure**.
1. Locate the tenant ID of your subscription.
1. **(Optional)** To enable detection of misconfigurations, toggle **Resource Scanning** to the on position.
1. Expand the list of Azure subscriptions and locate the subscription where you want to deploy the Agentless scanner.
1. Click the **Enable** button under **Vulnerability Scanning**.
1. The **Vulnerability Scanning** dialog is displayed. Toggle **Vulnerability Scanning** to the on position.
1. Under **How would you like to set up Agentless Scanning?**, select **Azure Resource Manager**.
1. Click **Launch Azure Resource Manager** to be redirected to the Azure portal.

> ### Azure portal

Reviewer: These 2 subtitles are of level 3 in the "Existing Azure subscription" tab and of level 4 in the "New Azure subscription" tab. The rendering can be improved.
Can we homogenize? and maybe create a common section to avoid duplication?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that makes sense. We can use shortcodes to reuse the same content on both tabs. I'll go ahead and push a commit to the PR.

Reviewer: Thank you

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Existing Azure subscription" %}}

1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][1] page, click **Cloud Integrations** > **Azure**.
1. Locate the tenant id of your subscription.
1. **[OPTIONAL]** you can enable **Resource Scanning** for the tenant to also enable misconfigurations detection.
1. Expand the list of azure subscriptions and locate the Azure subscription where you want to deploy the Agentless scanner.
1. Click on the **Enable** button of **VULNERABILITY SCANNING**.
1. The **Vulnerability Scanning** dialog is displayed. Switch the **Vulnerability Scanning** toggle button on.
1. In the **Agentless Scanning** section, select **Azure Resource Manager**.
1. Click on **Launch Azure Resource Manager**.
1. You will be redirected to the Azure portal. Once logged in, the template creation form is displayed.
1. Select the subscription and the resource group in which the agentless scanners will be deployed. It is **strongly recommended** to deploy the Datadog Agentless Scanner in a **dedicated resource group**.

> 1. Select all the subscriptions you want to scan.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In **Subscriptions to scan**, select all the subscriptions you want to scan.

1. Use your Datadog Api Key and complete the rest of the form.
1. Click on **Review + create**.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/csm/setup

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Exclude resources from scans

{{% csm-agentless-exclude-resources %}}

## Disable Agentless Scanning

1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][3] page, click **Cloud Integrations** > **Azure**.
1. Locate the tenant of your subscription, expand the list of subscriptions and locate the subscription for which you want to disable Agentless Scanning.
1. Click the **Edit** button {{< img src="security/csm/setup/edit-button.png" inline="true" style="width:24px;">}} and toggle the **Vulnerability Scanning** button to the off position.
1. Click **Done**.

## Uninstall with Azure Resource Manager

> To uninstall Agentless Scanning, log in to your Azure subscription. If you created a dedicated resource group for agentless scanners, delete this resource group and the related azure rules definitions. If you did not, delete the instances and the related rule definitions created for Agentless Scanning.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To uninstall Agentless Scanning, log in to your Azure subscription. If you created a dedicated resource group for the Agentless scanner, delete this resource group and the following Azure role definitions:
  - Datadog Agentless Scanner Role
  - Datadog Agentless Scanner Delegate Role

If you did not use a dedicated resource group, you will have to manually delete the scanner resources, which can be identified by the tags `Datadog:true` and `DatadogAgentlessScanner:true`.
```

---
title: Setting up Agentless Scanning using Azure Resource Manager
further_reading:
  - link: "/security/cloud_security_management/agentless_scanning"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Cloud Security Management Agentless Scanning"
  - link: "/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/terraform"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Setting up Agentless Scanning using Terraform"
aliases:

>   - /security/cloud_security_management/guide/agentless_azure_integration

Reviewer: Removed

---

If you've already [set up Cloud Security Management][3] and want to add a new Azure subscription or enable [Agentless Scanning][1] on an existing integrated Azure subscription, you can use either [Terraform][2] or Azure Resource Manager. This article provides detailed instructions for the Azure Resource Manager approach.

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you want to enable Agentless Scanning for an Azure subscription that is not already integrated in Datadog, start by <a href="/integrations/guide/azure-manual-setup/?tab=azurecli">integrating the Azure subscription</a> then enable Agentless Scanning by following the tutorial below.</div>

Reviewer 2: Is this note meant to describe how to enable Agentless Scanning on a new Azure subscription? If yes, I think we should move this to where the instructions for Existing Azure subscription are located.

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you want to enable Agentless Scanning for an Azure subscription that is not already integrated in Datadog, start by <a href="/integrations/guide/azure-manual-setup/?tab=azurecli">integrating the Azure subscription</a> then enable Agentless Scanning by following the tutorial below.</div>

Reviewer: I moved it to a distinct tab.

<div class="alert alert-warning">Running Agentless scanners incurs additional costs. To optimize these costs while still ensuring reliable 12-hour scans, Datadog recommends setting up <a href="/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/terraform/">Agentless Scanning with Terraform</a> as the default template.</div>

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "Existing Azure subscription" %}}

Reviewer 2: Related to my question above re: the note and adding a new Azure subscription, I think we should either a.) Add a tab for new Azure subscription, or b.) remove the tabs entirely. I'm not sure it makes much sense to have only a single tab.

Reviewer: I created a second tab.

1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][1] page, click **Cloud Integrations** > **Azure**.
1. Locate the tenant ID of your subscription.
1. **[OPTIONAL]** you can enable **Resource Scanning** for the tenant to also enable misconfigurations detection.
1. Expand the list of Azure subscriptions and locate the subscription where you want to deploy the Agentless scanner.
1. Click on the **Enable** button of **VULNERABILITY SCANNING**.
1. The **Vulnerability Scanning** dialog is displayed. Switch the **Vulnerability Scanning** toggle button on.
1. In the **Agentless Scanning** section, select **Azure Resource Manager**.
1. Click on **Launch Azure Resource Manager**.
1. You will be redirected to the Azure portal. Once logged in, the template creation form is displayed.
1. Select the subscription and the resource group in which the agentless scanners will be deployed. It is **strongly recommended** to deploy the Datadog Agentless Scanner in a **dedicated resource group**.
1. In **Subscriptions to scan**, select all the subscriptions you want to scan.

> 1. Enter your **Datadog API Key**, select your **Datadog Site** and complete the rest of the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enter your **Datadog API Key**, select your **Datadog Site**, and fill out the remainder of the form.
```

---
title: Setting up Agentless Scanning using Azure Resource Manager
further_reading:
  - link: "/security/cloud_security_management/agentless_scanning"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Cloud Security Management Agentless Scanning"
  - link: "/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/terraform"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Setting up Agentless Scanning using Terraform"
---

If you've already [set up Cloud Security Management][3] and want to add a new Azure subscription or enable [Agentless Scanning][1] on an existing integrated Azure subscription, you can use either [Terraform][2] or Azure Resource Manager. This article provides detailed instructions for the Azure Resource Manager approach.

<div class="alert alert-warning">Running Agentless scanners incurs additional costs. To optimize these costs while still ensuring reliable 12-hour scans, Datadog recommends setting up <a href="/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/terraform/">Agentless Scanning with Terraform</a> as the default template.</div>

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Enable Agentless Scanning

```

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "New Azure account" %}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% tab "New Azure subscription" %}}
```

> 1. To enable Agentless Scanning for an Azure subscription not yet integrated with Datadog, first <a href="/integrations/guide/azure-manual-setup/?tab=azurecli">integrate the Azure subscription</a>.
> 1. Proceed to enable Agentless Scanning by following the steps of the **Existing Azure subscription** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Set up the Datadog Azure integration

Follow the instructions for setting up the [Datadog Azure integration][1].

### Enable Agentless Scanning for your Azure subscriptions

Complete the following steps to enable Agentless Scanning for your Azure subscriptions:

#### Cloud Security Management Setup page

1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][2] page, click **Cloud Integrations** > **Azure**.
1. Locate the tenant ID of your subscription.
1. **(Optional)** To enable detection of misconfigurations, toggle **Resource Scanning** to the on position.
1. Expand the list of Azure subscriptions and locate the subscription where you want to deploy the Agentless scanner.
1. Click the **Enable** button under **Vulnerability Scanning**.
1. The **Vulnerability Scanning** dialog is displayed. Toggle **Vulnerability Scanning** to the on position.
1. Under **How would you like to set up Agentless Scanning?**, select **Azure Resource Manager**.
1. Click **Launch Azure Resource Manager** to be redirected to the Azure portal.

#### Azure portal

1. Log in to the Azure portal. The template creation form is displayed.
1. Select the subscription and the resource group in which the Agentless scanners will be deployed. Datadog recommends that you deploy the Datadog Agentless Scanner in a dedicated resource group.
1. In **Subscriptions to scan**, select all the subscriptions you want to scan.
1. Enter your **Datadog API Key**, select your **Datadog Site**, and fill out the remainder of the form.
1. Click on **Review + create**.

[1]: /integrations/guide/azure-manual-setup/?tab=azurecli
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/csm/setup
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Existing Azure subscription" %}}

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Cloud Security Management Setup page
```

1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][1] page, click **Cloud Integrations** > **Azure**.
1. Locate the tenant ID of your subscription.

> 1. **[OPTIONAL]** you can enable **Resource Scanning** for the tenant to also enable misconfigurations detection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **(Optional)** To enable detection of misconfigurations, toggle **Resource Scanning** to the on position.
```

1. Expand the list of Azure subscriptions and locate the subscription where you want to deploy the Agentless scanner.
1. Click the **Enable** button under **Vulnerability Scanning**.
1. The **Vulnerability Scanning** dialog is displayed. Toggle **Vulnerability Scanning** to the on position.
1. Under **How would you like to set up Agentless Scanning?**, select **Azure Resource Manager**.

> 1. Click **Launch Azure Resource Manager**.
> 1. You are redirected to the Azure portal. When you log in, the template creation form is displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **Launch Azure Resource Manager** to be redirected to the Azure portal.

### Azure portal

1. Log in to the Azure portal. The template creation form is displayed.
```
